It’s you today, Ye Zhong. What did you say?
I said you are the master
Okay, let me speak clearly today
Just let you go faster than him
It's you who's here. You're here.
It was him. He was the one who killed me Zunsan, right?
That's right, it's really this person
Taoist priest, please accept him now.
Drive him out of our village
Since I am the master
Then of course after you know my life experience
I have everything in my life and I am still a wanderer
Since he doesn't have him, he doesn't have him, he doesn't have him
Then tell me first
Who are my parents?
You usually don’t say that you are Yezhong
Should you explain?
Why do you kill people?
Still need such cruel methods
I have no servants for you, the Three Emperors
Xingji fell down and looked at Qingqing twitching
It was you who killed my grandson
It's not the bastards who are messing with Zhengkang.
Maybe he even talked about the little devil
You said he saw me kill your grandson Bai Yicao, okay?
Then I'll go to your house
Let me show you how I kill people